Welcome to Anorak a world of magic and mystery, of sword and subterfuge, of dangers and dragons, and so much more.  It is a world of high magical capabilities and of many demihumans dotting its surface and below.  These are the humans, elves (of many types), hillfolk (halflings), orcs, dwarves, gnomes, duergar, drow, and svirfneblin (deep gnomes).  Though many are more common than others, humans being comparably short-lived and the most common, there is no dominating race in the world.  Anorak is widely unexplored, teeming with new nations, landmarks, dungeons, and underground entrances revealing themselves to adventurers that brave its untamed wildernesses or are swept into campaigns of grand scale.  In these places, many good deeds can be done and even more treasure to be found.  It is comprised of six realms, in which many regions and nations that are contained within and bleed between: Eoyidu, Liastolyn, Kacranara, Equelon, and Mofexar.
## __The Eoyidu Realm__
The Eoyidu Realm is the easternmost realm on the central continent of Jelul.  Covering the entire eastern lip of this realm is the chaotic Yashira Desert, filled with many dangerous creatures, ancient arcane ruins, and warring nations of elves, dwarves, humans, and a ruthless order of knights.  To the east, beyond the Sun’s Reach Mountains, is the Roxaster Wetlands - a swamp rife with kobolds, lizardfolk, and a few well-protected halfling settlements.  North of that are the mysterious forests of Thesewood.  Not many who venture there return, as it is inhabited by tribes of barbarians, nomadic elves, and horrors that can bend one’s mind into oblivion.
## __The Kacranara Realm__
To the northwest of Eoyidu is the snowy tundra of Kacranara.  The northern edge of Thesewood enters this realm, getting more elevated and notably colder with every mile beyond it.  It also holds the land bridge to the freezing arctic of Iochos.  This realm is largely unexplored by the civilized nations, as it is the home to frost giants, dragons, wild clans of orcs and goblins, and a sizeable congregation of undead.
## __The Liastolyn Realm__
To the southwest of Eoyidu is the Liastolyn Realm.  It is a beautiful tropical paradise near its southern edge, but above that are the Devil’s Fingers, a mountain range noted for its evil denizens and numerous entrances to the Underdark, the Valley of the Crowns, a mineral-rich, lengthy gash in the continent guarded by dwarven fortresses renowned for their durability, and numerous jungles filled with uncharted territory, danger, and treasure. 
