The desert is a cruel and unforgiving land, as all who live there know.  Filled to the brim with poisonous crawlers, little vegetation or water, but certainly no shortage of sand, the Yashira Desert is not a place for those who can’t handle the heat of the sun or of pitched battle.
## __Ikhos__
This region is home to a desert nation called Ihkos, a mostly human nation that has endured more hardships than most in the desert, though controlling much more than the others who live there.  They control the eastern end of the desert, from the base of the Sun’s Reach Mountains to the Evergreen Oasis, to much of the southern sands of the desert, near The Grave Bay.  In the past, they have fought off invaders from the Devil’s Fingers and Dakinir Pass, and even fought with the elves for control of the Evergreen Oasis.  Now, even though skirmishes between lawless bandits and the Orcish tribes of Khuul, they live in relative peace, ever searching and researching the numerous ruins that dot their lands.
## __Yllathlune__
To the northeast, they border the joined elvish nation of Yllathlune, made up of the twilight elves of the southern, more fertile edge, and the sun and moon elves who make their homes in the unobstructed sands of northern Yashira.  They control most of the rivers that stem from the Evergreen Oasis, using them as supply routes and quick access to The Gray Sea.  They also control Headsman’s Pass to the north, bordering the White Mountains and closely avoiding Thesewood, only a few miles to the north.
## __The White Mountains__
At the very northern tip of the Yashira Desert, lay the White Mountains.  These mountains are home to dwarves that craft fabled restium arms and armor.  These dwarves are expert craftsman, using this fine material (which most mistake for common steel) to mine even finer treasures deep within the earth and maintain healthy relations with most of their neighbors.  They, however, are not without strife as even the veins of the earth are home to foul creatures and they often clash with the cruel Knights of the Eye, based just southeast of them in Fort Inevitable.